best pretty couple
san luis la pampa by the central part of the court with the idea and go
inside to occupy the first positions
welcome to the third
solá mares meriti be in the fourth and last place
the classic national racecourse
they go through the first
and the 24 1 the first 400 meters the same
Arreola came up with the idea
inner railing in the third
they should be and of course
the copy prevents me from being quite far in the fourth and last place
I was still dominating bone
null first 800 meters 48 four fifths
always when islands forward
in the classic national racecourse
the 1985 officer
and it continues according to
tabii cancers very well placed in the third
while the grass
beitía this region
yes alves plaza miranda
classic national racecourse
1985 official
the 1200 meters
still continues second
I have lived scenes
That's when you have to be
although still still
tiny dancer
rival classic
crankcase will be good